<!-- Fonts -->
Fivo Sans Heavy

<!-- Colors -->
red: #ff6a6d
black: #3b3838

<!-- Texts -->
Navigation
  BerYoga

  Home
  About Us
  Contact
  Pricing
  Login  

Header
  Beautiful videos. Become your best self with BerYoGa.

  For me, BerYoga is more than just a sport – it is lifestyle, a state mind, a philosophy.
  Now I decided to open BerYoga so that I can share my love and joy of bikram yoga.  It is my hope that you too can discover all the positive impacts of bikram yoga and make bikram yoga as a part of your life.

Why Choose
  Why Choose BerYoga?

  Access hundreds of online yoga classes shot in natural studios around the world. Unlimited access for $150/Years.

  Lifetime Updates
  Free lifetime updates for our lates collection.

  Anywhere Videos
  Access world-class online yoga videos can be seen on the application & web

  Access Unlimited
  Find lots of yoga video tutorials, from all over the world

  What’s on BerYoga?
    What’s on BerYoga?

    New Classes Every Week
    Discover hundreds of classes in our library. Save your favorites, try new styles and customize your routine to fit your schedule.

    Series
    Our multi-class series are designed to help you achieve your fitness and wellness goals.

    Pose Directory
    Get step-by-step instructions on poses and sequences in our extensive video pose directory.

The Healing Power of Trauma-Informed Yoga Classes.
  The Healing Power of Trauma-Informed Yoga Classes.
  By Brittany Risherjan _____
  Celebrating five years of service, the nonprofit Exhale to Inhale brings free, trauma-informed yoga classes to rape crisis centers and domestic violence shelters in Jakarta.
  Read More >

  5 Ways to Make Every Yoga Class More Restorative and Therapeutic
  In part four of our series on teaching trauma-sensitive yoga, teacher Daniel Sernicola shares five practices to help your students get grounded and cultivate mindfulness.  
  Teachers, need liability insurance? As a TeachersPlus member, you can access low-cost coverage and more than a dozen valuable benefits that will build your skills and business. Enjoy a free subscription to YJ, a free profile on our national directory, exclusive webinars and content packed with advice, discounts on educational resources and gear, and more
  Read More >

Pricing
  Unlimitied Access Video
  Saved Videos
  Ofline Access
  Billed monthly
  Become A Member

  Best Seller
  Unlimitied Access Video
  Saved Videos
  Ofline Access
  Biled a one year - Save 45%
  Become A Member

  Yoga Class
  Only Yoga Class
  Unlimitied Access Video
  Billed monthly
  Become A Member

Footer
  CONTACT us

  Beryoga, Jl. Sudirman 
  no. 129, Tebet 
  Jakarta Selatan
  
  beryoga@yuk.com
  0812 6824 2856 (Main)
  (072) 2673842  (Toll-free)

  About us

  Our Mission
  Our Team
  Management
  Policies

  Our Programs

  Yoga Class
  Bikram Yoga
  Acro Yoga
  Sveda Yoga
  Yo Mama
  

  support trails

  Donate
  Individual Membership
  Gift membership
  Hiker Store

  Copyright © 2019 BerYoga All rights reserved.